---
title: Flyway
date: 2015-12-01 01:00:00 +11:00
categories:
- archive
image: "/uploads/flyway.jpg"
image-credit: John Possemato
button-url: https://thesubstation.iwannaticket.com.au/event/flyway-MTA1NTg
price:
- "$25 standard"
- "$20 concession (senior/student)"
datetime:
- 2016-04-29 16:30:00 AEST
- 2016-05-01 16:30:00 AEST
has-mins: true
has-start-time: true
supporters:
- Creative Victoria
- Hobsons Bay City Council
---

[FLYWAY](http://flywayproject.tumblr.com) is a performative walk that immerses audiences in the epic and enchanting journeys of migratory birds. Created responsively in each new location it explores our ecological connections, embedding field research of local birds, people and places into the urban fabric of the performance site. Wearing headphones and binoculars audiences are enveloped in a sonic landscape and guided through the city to encounter video artworks and a shifting, cinematic environment.

FLYWAY investigates the annual threatened journeys that migratory birds make across a changing globe in search of rest, food and a nest. Using video, sound and movement to merge foreground and background it points to an evolving understanding of ‘Nature’.

FLYWAY is created by artist LZ DUNN with LAWRENCE ENGLISH and dramaturgy by LARA THOMS. It was nominated for a 2013 Green Room Award, was co-winner of the international Music Theatre NOW (MTN) competition and received the 2013 MTN Operadagen Rotterdam Award. It has been presented at Operadagen Rotterdam (2014) and Varna Summer International Theatre Festival, Bulgaria (2014), and NOA Festival in Vilnius, Lithuania (2015).

## About the artists

[**LZ DUNN**](http://lizdunn.link/Lz-Dunn) works with performance, movement, sound, video, site-responsive and experiential processes to think about ecologies, queerness and how we contextualise ourselves individually and collectively. DUNN grew up in regional Queensland, lives in Melbourne, and is an Artistic Associate with APHIDS.

[**LAWRENCE ENGLISH**](http://lawrenceenglish.com/) is a composer, media artist and curator based in Australia. Working across an eclectic array of aesthetic investigations, his work investigates the politics of perception. Through live performance and installation, he creates works that ponder subtle transformations of space and ask audiences to become aware of that which exists at the edge of perception.

[**APHIDS**](http://www.aphids.net/) creates epic contemporary art projects using performance, music, site-specificity and new technologies. Collaborative and driven by a passionate belief in the social role of art, APHIDS investigates what is current and urgent in contemporary culture.
