---
title: The Tribe
date: 2016-11-30 10:54:00 +11:00
categories:
- whats-on
image: "/uploads/the-tribe.jpg"
image-credit: Catherine Cranston
button-url: http://thesubstation.iwannaticket.com.au/event/the-tribe-MTIwNjM
presented-by: Urban Theatre Projects
price: "$35 / $25 + BOOKING FEE"
datetime:
- 2017-03-30 19:30:00 +11:00
- 2017-03-31 19:30:00 +11:00
- 2017-04-01 19:30:00 +11:00
is-on-home-page: true
notes:
  note: host the tribe in your backyard. Open call February 2017
supporters:
- Australia Council of Arts
- Hobsons Bay City Council
is-list-of-datetime: true
---

## BACKYARDS WANTED!

The SUBSTATION would like to get to know our neighbours and what better way than presenting the play THE TRIBE in the homes of Newport residents.

Whether big or small, long or skinny, grass or concrete, we’d love to hear from you.
Rest assured, your yard won't be harmed and we’ll even pay you for it.

Expressions of Interest close Wednesday 8 March 2017.
For more information visit thesubstation.org.au or contact Kali Michailidis, General Manager (03) 9391 1110, [manager@thesubstation.org.au] (mailto:manager@thesubstation.org.au)

## THE TRIBE LIVE FROM A BACKYARD IN NEWPORT

After sell-out seasons at Sydney Festival and Belvoir St Theatre, [URBAN THEATRE PROJECTS](http://urbantheatre.com.au)’ THE TRIBE comes to The SUBSTATION.

Performed by HAZEM SHAMMAS, THE TRIBE is a story of belonging and family, told by the small boy, Bani. At the heart of THE TRIBE is Bani’s love for his Tayta, his grandmother and core presence in his life, who carries all the truths of ‘The Tribe’ – a small Muslim sect who fled to Australia from Lebanon.

Taking place in a Newport backyard, performed alongside cellist and composer OONAGH SHERRARD, SHAMMAS’s Bani is like a visionary child channeling a Bedouin storyteller. Based on MICHAEL MOHAMMED AHMAD’s award-winning novel, [THE TRIBE](http://giramondopublishing.com/product/the-tribe) is an open invitation to listen to an Arab-Australian story from our backyard, in our backyards.

Adapted by Michael Mohammed Ahmad and Janice Muller.<br>
Based on the novel by Michael Mohammed Ahmad.

Director: Janice Muller<br>
Performer: Hazem Shammas<br>
Composer and Performer: Oonagh Sherrard<br>
Production Manager: Frank Mainoo<br>
Producer: Urban Theatre Projects

Presented by The SUBSTATION and Urban Theatre Projects.
