---
title: CHANNELS
date: 2017-05-30 09:53:00 +10:00
categories:
- whats-on
image: "/uploads/channels.jpg"
button-txt: BUY TICKETS
presented-by: THE AUSTRALIAN VIDEO ART FESTIVAL
price: FREE. FESTIVAL CLOSING $20 + BOOKING FREE
datetime:
- 2017-09-01 18:30:00 +10:00
- 2017-09-10 17:00:00 +10:00
has-opening-event: true
has-mins: true
notes:
  note: FESTIVAL CLOSING PARTY SAT OCTOBER 09, 9PM
supporters:
- Channels
- Australia Council of Arts
- Hobsons Bay City Council
- Art in Public Places
sort-date: 2017-09-01 18:30:00 +10:00
---

CHANNELS, The Australian Video Art Festival is the only festival dedicated to showcasing new contemporary moving image by some of the most exciting Australian and international artists. CHANNELS delivers a diverse and inspiring festival of exhibitions, screenings, talks, public programs and a series of international exhibitions and events.

In 2017, CHANNELS looks to the future. In dialogue with artists, curators and the community, CHANNELS poses an open question about the future and speculative narratives, which explore histories yet to be established. The theme ‘futures’ is an invitation to artists and collaborators who are experimental and innovative with their medium and ideas, exploring future selves, ideas, movements, politics and technologies.

Presented by The SUBSTATION and CHANNELS.

Full details and tickets available via the CHANNELS website, [channelsfestival.net.au](http://channelsfestival.net.au/).

[KIHLBERG HENRY](http://www.karinkihlberg-reubenhenry.org/) (UK)<br>
**A MOUNTAIN CLOSE UP IS ONLY ROCK** <BR>
CHANNELS presents the Australian premiere of the video installation work, A MOUNTAIN
CLOSE UP IS ONLY ROCK by KIHLBERG HENRY. 

Co-commissioned by the FOUNDATION FOR ART AND CREATIVE TECHNOLOGY (FACT, UK) and CHANNELS, A MOUNTAIN CLOSE UP IS ONLY ROCK forms a passage through the digital footprint of architect JØRN UTZON, guiding the viewer through an abstract archaeology that draws connections between the built environment and the landscape of the brain.

Narrated by a series of unfixed voices, the video envisions an obscure afterlife in the traces of the architect’s mythical house on Mallorca, its geographic location kept private and its evidence scant.

[CAROLINE GARCIA](http://carolinegarcia.com.au/) <br>
**FLYGIRL** <br>
**THURSDAY 7 SEPTEMBER, 6PM** <br>
FLYGIRL is a solo dance installation that reimagines forgotten hip-hop routines. The work consists of choreographic interludes that meticulously samples performances by the all-female troupe of Fly Girls from the early nineties American TV series, IN LIVING COLOR. Developed and performed by CAROLINE GARCIA, FLYGIRL playfully touches on nostalgic sentiments and memories as a visual backdrop to the politics of hip-hop
culture.

Supported by Australia Council for the Arts Residency with EMPAC and Critical Path.

JESSIE SCOTT <br>
**SLOW CANCELLATION** <br>
Slow Cancellation is a GIF making workshop with the artist JESSIE SCOTT. Participants will explore early digital GIF formats and contemporary forms of animation and learn about how artists use both to create contemporary artworks, before making a GIF of their own. The GIFs will be presented in a pop up exhibition in the foyer of Incinerator Gallery and hosted on the CHANNELS website.

AUGMENTED REALITY TOUR <br>
**Location: Newport Retail precinct** <br> CHANNELS presents an interactive walking tour around the Newport train station and the surrounding retail streets.

FESTIVAL CLOSING PARTY <br>
**AUTOFICTIONS**<br>
**SATURDAY 9 SEPTEMBER, 9PM**<br>
Join us for a night of music, DJs, performance, sound, moving image and beverages as we delve into a zone of AUTOFICTION and officially celebrate the closing of CHANNELS: THE AUSTRALIAN VIDEO ART FESTIVAL 2017.
